Analysis message for IST0157 (#13730)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0157/index.md

---
title: InvalidTelemetryProvider
layout: analysis-message
owner: istio/wg-user-experience-maintainers
test: n/a
---

> This message occurs when telemetry with empty providers will be ignored if the default providers in MeshConfig is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message occurs when a Telemetry resource with empty providers is set, and it will be ignored if the default providers in MeshConfig are empty.
```

Author: done

> This message occurs when a Telemetry resource with empty providers is set, and it will be ignored if the default providers in MeshConfig are empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This message occurs when a Telemetry resource with empty providers is set, and it will be ignored if the `defaultProviders` in MeshConfig is empty.
```

Author: fixed
